mode: __default__
from: http://blogs.perl.org/users/alberto_simoes/2012/08/yapceu2012-what-i-missed.html
input:
  YAPC::EU is over. It was a nice conference, but there were a couple of things I've missed. The first one is obvious: air conditioning. We had a too hot weather. I understand that Germany is used to cold, not hot. Nevertheless, next YAPC::EU users, remind that 300 or more people in a room, half with their laptops and gadgets turned on, produce a lot of heat. So, be sure at least the main room has a decent air conditioning system.

  The second miss was Josette Garcia, from O'Reilly. This year's O'Reilly bank was a delusion. First, more than half the books were in German. This doesn't just limit the people that will buy a book to half, but it also shows lack of consideration for the remaining attendees. Also, the books that weren't in German, were the basic Perl books that most people have. Perl hackers like to learn other languages, like to read about other technologies. They even like to buy books not at all related to technology. I imagine Josette has a lot of work on every YAPC, with the amount and diversity of books, but I also imagine that she would have a higher revenue on sold books.

  Finally, I missed the auction. Not sure about you people, but I don't look to YAPC's auction as just a mean to get money. It is a social event. Without the auction, and with my experience dealing with O'Reilly, I wonder how was the sponsorship. They usually don't give money, only books. If we didn't have an auction, how was the sponsorship? It is just strange. But that doesn't matter. I just missed the auction. Please, bring back the tradition.
output:
  <p>YAPC::EU is over. It was a nice conference, but there were a couple of things I've missed. The first one is obvious: air conditioning. We had a too hot weather. I understand that Germany is used to cold, not hot. Nevertheless, next YAPC::EU users, remind that 300 or more people in a room, half with their laptops and gadgets turned on, produce a lot of heat. So, be sure at least the main room has a decent air conditioning system.</p>

  <p>The second miss was Josette Garcia, from O'Reilly. This year's O'Reilly bank was a delusion. First, more than half the books were in German. This doesn't just limit the people that will buy a book to half, but it also shows lack of consideration for the remaining attendees. Also, the books that weren't in German, were the basic Perl books that most people have. Perl hackers like to learn other languages, like to read about other technologies. They even like to buy books not at all related to technology. I imagine Josette has a lot of work on every YAPC, with the amount and diversity of books, but I also imagine that she would have a higher revenue on sold books.</p>

  <p>Finally, I missed the auction. Not sure about you people, but I don't look to YAPC's auction as just a mean to get money. It is a social event. Without the auction, and with my experience dealing with O'Reilly, I wonder how was the sponsorship. They usually don't give money, only books. If we didn't have an auction, how was the sponsorship? It is just strange. But that doesn't matter. I just missed the auction. Please, bring back the tradition.</p>
